GameMaster

	Description
		GameMaster is the controller of the overall game mechanics such as: controlling robots, (turning, shooting, firing, scanning and identifying) and communicates with the ForthInterpreter to execute commands for the RobotAI.  
	Signifigance
		
		public int scan()
		Scan returns the number of robots currently in view of the current robot. This fuction is crutial for AI robots to know their surroundings. Therefor it is necessary to test this function thoroughly.
		
		public void identify(int index)
		Identify will take in an index for which robot to pick. Then it will push three things: the TeamColour, how far the robot is away and the direction the robot is in, as well as the robots remaining health, of hte robot being identified.  Identify, simmilar to Scan must be tested thoroughly. Test buy checking what ends up on the stack and if there should be something on the stack at that time.

	Testing Plan
	    Identify
	        zero robots in range:
    	        Run identify with index = -1. - nothing should be added to the stack.
    	        Run identify with index = 0. - nothing should be added to the stack.
    	    one robot in range:
    	        Run identify with index = 0. the only robot's stats should be added to the stack.
    	        Run identify with index = 1. - nothing should be added to the stack, accessing past the number of robots scanned.
    	    three robots in range:
    	        Run identify with index = 0. the first robot's stats should be added to the stack.
    	        Run identify with index = 1. the second robot's stats should be added to the stack.
    	        Run identify with index = 2. the third robot's stats should be added to the stack.
	        Make sure Identify pushed the correct items to the stack, these include:
	            The scanned robot's colour, the location of the robot (Range and Direction), the robots remaining health.
	            if the index is invalid nothing should be pushed to the stack.
	            
	    Scan
	        Run scan with no robots in range. - create a integer testInt and assign it the result of the scan it should be 0.
	        Run scan with one robot in range. - create a integer testInt and assign it the result of the scan it should be 1.
	        Run scan with three robot in range. - create a integer testInt and assign it the result of the scan it should be 3.